NLP documentation into APOC pages (#2)
gmarcostam/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/nlp/entity-extraction.adoc

= Entity Extraction with APOC NLP

[#intro-to-entity-extraction]
== Intro to Entity Extraction

Entity Extraction takes unstructured text and returns a list of named entities contained within that text.

> AWS, GCP, and Azure each provide NLP APIs, which are wrapped by the https://neo4j.com/labs/apoc/4.2/overview/apoc.nlp/[`apoc.nlp`^] procedures in the https://neo4j.com/labs/apoc/4.2/[APOC Library^].

Author: Qui ho un dubbio sulla versione

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AWS, GCP, and Azure each provide NLP APIs, which are wrapped by the xref::nlp/index.adoc[apoc.nlp] procedures.
```

Cambialo così, ossia metti il link interno alla pagina `nlp/index.adoc`
